so while the beans are cooking let's
prepare the gravy now and we are going
to make a rich gravy so we will make it
in gear which is also known as clarified
butter so keep your pan on medium heat
and add 4 to 5 teaspoon of D
now Gea's hot add cumin seeds dried red
chillies class
and black cumin seeds or black dealer
and after 1 minute add onions to it
wow it is smelling too good
mix it well and cook them for four to
five minutes now millions are cooked add
all of the spices
and mix it well
let it cook for one more minute now our
tomato paste
this is readily available in market or
you can make your own test
mix it well
and finally add 1 glass of water
the next day p is to climb the mixture I
have already added peanuts to the mixing
ball and now i will add rest of the
mixture and grinding
now our gravy is ready and the last step
is to add the gravy back to the pan and
then add garbanzo beans to it and in the
end add salt as per test I have added
gravy to the path and now i am adding
beans to it
now we will are a very special
ingredient to our dish which is dried
fenugreek leaves which is also known as
kasuri methi and just mix it properly
and our dish is ready thank you all for
watching this quick video for more such
delicious recipes keep watching
sayuki-chan bye bye